quick tip what's going on everybody big
J Glee's here with a quick tip segment
and I'm ready to bring you a quick tip
so right here you're going to see me
running the ball and when I run the ball
I want to be patient this is one of the
things that most people even me when I
first started playing this game as I
didn't have a total handle on how the
running backs actually control but in
this game a lot of people tend to try to
get to the line of scrimmage very
quickly and grant it sometimes that's
the right thing to do but most times
it's actually not and you don't want to
mash the turbo button right away so on
the handoff I'm going to approach the
line of scrimmage and I'm going to find
the best gap for me to go through once I
head through the hole and I'm starting
to get into the open field that's when
you want to hit the turbo button so I'm
gonna take a look at this right here so
I go right here and now I hit the turbo
button alright so you want to make sure
that you're you're calm and you're
approached and you can always bend
things back so see right here I'm
bending this back and the reason why I'm
able to do that is because I'm not in a
hurry to get to the line of scrimmage
what a coach or I should set my coach my
high school coach and the coach that I
coached with for multiple years he used
to always have this same slow to fast
through and that's what he used to say
so all the running bags and it holds
true in Madden and EA Sports has done an
excellent job look at that right there I
was able to cut back and get some extra
yards because I'm not holding that turbo
button but EA has done a very good job
in really making the run game in Madden
realistic look at this because that's
I've made that cut only because I'm not
holding the turbo button now watch I'm
gonna try to make a cut and just show
you what it looks like when I hold the
tournament but see I'll be like who's
all over the place you can't control
all right so that's it that's the quick
tip right here that's it be sure to
subscribe and check out my other videos
for more high quality editing and
production and play breakdowns as well
as formation breakdowns which are coming
I'm going to be bringing you entire
formation breakdowns also don't forget
to like the Facebook page at
facebook.com slash Madden Network and a
link is down in the description below so
that's it thanks for checking in it's
big J glue signing out and continue to
Game straw
if you're looking for graphics twitch
overlays or video overlays for your
YouTube videos be sure to check out my
website free video game backgrounds comm
here you will find free designs you can
use for your twitch streams and YouTube
videos I'm also available to create
custom designs for your individual needs
for more on this and custom design
inquiries just click the link down in
the description below thanks for
checking in big jiggly sign it out and
continue to game strong